docs: add Mirakl to `ADOPTERS.md` (#6751)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: ADOPTERS.md

| [Novo Nordisk](https://www.novonordisk.com/) | [scni@novonordisk.com](mailto:scni@novonordisk.com) ([@CasperGN](https://github.com/CasperGN)) | 2024-11-20 | Backing of Grafana UI states for central Observability platform and datastore for our Developer Portal based off Backstage. |
| [Docaposte](https://docaposte.fr) | @albundy83 | 2024-11-20 | Docaposte is the digital trust leader in France. We use CloudNativePG because it is the most elegant and efficient solution for running PostgreSQL in production. |
| [Obmondo](https://obmondo.com) | @Obmondo | 2024-11-25 | At Obmondo we use CloudNativePG in our open-source Kubernetes meta-management platform called [KubeAid](https://kubeaid.io/) to easily manage all PostgreSQL databases across clusters from a centralized interface. |

> | [Mirakl](https://www.mirakl.com/) | @ThomasBoussekey | 2025-01-30 | CloudNativePG is the default hosting solution for our marketplace instances. Operating 300+ CloudNativePG, 8 TB of data, we managed to get highly customizable HELM charts that mansages connection pooling, logical replication and many other features  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Mirakl](https://www.mirakl.com/) | @ThomasBoussekey | 2025-02-03 | CloudNativePG is our default hosting solution for marketplace instances. With over 300 CloudNativePG clusters managing 8 TB of data, we have developed highly customizable Helm charts that support connection pooling, logical replication, and many other advanced features.  |
```
